Add extended documentation for prefix_regex (#61)
datawire/ambassador-docs: reference/mappings.md

| [`load_balancer`](/reference/core/load-balancer) | configures load balancer on a mapping
| [`method`](/reference/method)                  | defines the HTTP method for this mapping (e.g. GET, PUT, etc. -- must be all uppercase) |
| `method_regex`            | if true, tells the system to interpret the `method` as a [regular expression](http://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/regex/ecmascript) |

> | `prefix_regex`            | if true, tells the system to interpret the `prefix` as a [regular expression](http://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/regex/ecmascript) and require the entire path must match the regex, not just the prefix. |

Reviewer: Minor typo? require -> requires

```suggestion
| `prefix_regex`            | if true, tells the system to interpret the `prefix` as a [regular expression](http://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/regex/ecmascript) and requires that the entire path must match the regex, not just the prefix. |
```
